Managing Processes
The Linux kernel manages multitasking
through the use of processes.
The kernel maintains information
about each process
to help keep things organized,
and each process is assigned a
number called a process ID.
The Linux shell also introduces
the concept of jobs
to ease our workflow
during a terminal session.
For example, this is a pipeline
of two processes,
which the shell considers a single job.
Job control refers to the ability to
selectively suspend the execution
of jobs, and resume their execution
at a later time.
We can achieve this with the
help of specific commands,
which we’ll soon explore.